#summary Start page for Python-to-SIS, the next generation (py2sisng)
#labels Featured

=Welcome=

Python-to-SIS, the next generation (py2sisng) is the easiest cross-platform way to create [http://www.symbian.com/ Symbian OS™] installation packages (SIS) from [http://sourceforge.net/projects/pys60 Python for S60] scripts. py2sisng is an open-source program, under the GNU [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html GPL] license.


=Requirements=

  * [http://www.python.org/ Python®] v2.0 or greater, tested with Python v2.2 and v2.3
  * Either
    * genaif binary
    * makesis binary
  * or
    * A working C++ compiler, preferably [http://gcc.gnu.org/ GCC]
    * [http://www.zlib.net/ zlib] library and headers

SIS files made with py2sisng work on S60 1st and 2nd Edition phones. (See [http://ensymble.googlecode.com/ Ensymble] for software to generate SIS packages that work on 3rd Edition phones.) A list of editions for Nokia phones is available from [http://www.forum.nokia.com/devices/matrix_s60_1.html Forum Nokia]. S60 phones from other manufacturers should also work with py2sisng-generated packages.


=Download=


==Latest==

v0.95 2006-04-02: [http://py2sisng.googlecode.com/files/py2sisng-0.95.tar.gz py2sisng-0.95.tar.gz] (105 kB)

Changes:

  * Python for S60 was released under an open-source licence in January 2006. As it is now possible to include the required templates with py2sisng, there is no need to download and unpack the huge [http://www.forum.nokia.com/python SDK from Forum Nokia] anymore. Python for S60 v1.3.1 templates are identical to those in the previous version (v1.2).
  * Patched makesis and genaif to be endian-neutral. The programs no longer require patching on big-endian machines (PPC, for example). In addition, the makesis patches fix some OS X specific issues.
  * Changed every occurrence of "Series 60" to "S60", due to the official name change in November 2005.
Older versions


==Older versions==

v0.94 2005-10-25: [http://py2sisng.googlecode.com/files/py2sisng-0.94.tar.gz py2sisng-0.94.tar.gz] (87 kB)

Changes:

  * Started using Python for S60 v1.2 templates.

v0.93 2005-10-18: [http://py2sisng.googlecode.com/files/py2sisng-0.93.tar.gz py2sisng-0.93.tar.gz] (87 kB)

Changes:

  * Original application directory structure is now preserved in install packages.
  * Implemented application UID and SIS version detection from source file.
  * Default SIS file name now contains a version number.

v0.92 2005-09-09: [http://py2sisng.googlecode.com/files/py2sisng-0.92.tar.gz py2sisng-0.92.tar.gz] (87 kB)

  * First public version


=Project history=

  * *2008-10-22*
  Moved project to [http://code.google.com Google Code].
  * *2007-01-05*
  Added links to [http://ensymble.googlecode.com Ensymble].
  * *2006-04-02*
  Version 0.95 released.
  * *2005-10-25*
  Version 0.94 released.
  * *2005-10-18*
  Version 0.93 released.
  * *2005-09-27*
  Added a note about py2sisng in the [http://www.symbianos.org/cgi-bin/eblog/gnupoc.cgi?GnuPocToDo GnuPoc Wiki].
  * *2005-09-09*
  First public release


= Related links =

  * [http://sourceforge.net/projects/pys60 Python for S60] on [http://sourceforge.net SourceForge]
  Application templates used in py2sisng are from the original py2sis, which has been released under an open-source license.
  * The [http://ensymble.googlecode.com Ensymble] developer utilities for Symbian OS 
  Ensymble generates SIS packages for S60 3rd Edition phones.
  * [http://discussion.forum.nokia.com/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=102 Python for S60 discussion board]
  Where questions about py2sisng are answered.
  * Rudolf König's [http://www.koeniglich.de/symbian_sdk_on_unix.html sdk2unix] 
  py2sisng uses, and includes the source code to, the genaif program from sdk2unix.
  * makesis for Linux from [http://gnupoc.sourceforge.net/ GnuPoc]
  Source code to a Linux-compatible version of makesis is included with py2sisng.
  * [http://simonwoodside.com/dev/symbian/howto.html HOWTO develop Symbian apps using Mac OS X] from Simon Woodside 
  These are very good instructions for setting up Symbian C++ SDK and sdk2unix, on OS X and other UNIX variants.

----
Copyright © 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 Jussi Ylänen